[WG Platforms] Whitepaper - Intro (#262)
cncf/tag-app-delivery: platforms-whitepaper/v1alpha1/introduction.md

## Introduction

Inspired by the cross-functional cooperation promised by DevOps, platform
engineering has begun to emerge in enterprises as an explicit form of that
cooperation: platform teams curate and present foundational capabilities,
frameworks and experiences to facilitate and accelerate the work of internal
customers such as application developers, data scientists and information
workers.

This paper intends to support enterprise leaders, enterprise architects and
platform team product managers to investigate and plan internal platforms by
describing the following:

> 1. What a platform is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is a platform?
```

> 1. Why a platform is valuable to enterprises

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Why are platforms valuable to enterprises?
```

> 1. How to measure the success of platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are the measures of the success of a platform?
```
